Azure AD / Entra ID custom authentication extension (#12)
SGNL-ai/examples: azuread/README.md

# Azure AD / Entra ID App Function HTTP Trigger Example

> This C# script example demonstrates how to call the SGNL Access Service from an Azure App Function HTTP Trigger. This app function and trigger is then configured as part of an custom authentication extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses Custom Authentication Extension in Entra Id (formerly Azure AD) to make a request for an access decision during sign-in to Applications/Services configured in Microsoft Entra. The sample can be run in Azure App Function, is written in C#, and can be modified to support additional configuration and/or metadata that may be configured for your applications.
```

# Prerequisites

1. You have a SGNL environment up and running.
 
2. You have configured connectors to ingest data and have defined the appropriate relationship mappings.
 
3. You have created policy snippets and policy for evaluation.
 

> 4. You have created an protected application to test. You can test with this [example](https://jwt.ms/) provided by Microsoft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You have created an Entra ID Application to test. You can test with this [example](https://jwt.ms/) provided by Microsoft.
```

 
5. You will need Git to clone the example repository. You can follow the steps to install Git [here](https://github.com/git-guides/install-git).

See our [Help Guides](https://support.sgnl.ai) for steps on configuring data sources and policies.

> ## Steps For Configuring the custom authentication extension.

Reviewer: nitpick: your capitalization on your headings is inconsistent - I'm not partial to which way you go, but could you update them all to either sentence or title case?

Author: Got it! I will update to title case.

1. Clone the SGNL examples repo using Git from https://github.com/SGNL-ai/examples.git.

> 2. Login to your Azure portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Login to the Azure portal.
```

> 3. Follow the steps found [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/custom-extension-get-started?tabs=azure-portal%2Chttp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Follow the steps found [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/custom-extension-get-started?tabs=azure-portal%2Chttp) to configure a custom extension.
```

> 4. Replace the default C# script in the example in step 3, with the run.csx C# code from the SGNL examples repository.

Reviewer: I don't know that I'd call this a script, it feels like legitimate code to me. Thoughts?

Author: I think MS categorizes a csx file as a script: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/archive/msdn-magazine/2016/january/essential-net-csharp-scripting

Author: @marc-sgnl All set, mate. I gave the reader two options to test the custom authentication extension. Thanks!

## Steps For Testing The Example

> 1. Once your configuration is complete, you can build your login URL for initiating the Azure AD IDP authentication flow. See the example URL below:

Reviewer: I'd suggest just using the myapps portal - this seems more complex than necessary.

Author: It was actually pretty easy to implement.
